Separate Architecture from Deployment docs (#1432)
pulp/pulpcore: docs/installation/hardware-requirements.rst

Hardware requirements
=====================

.. note::

   This section is updated based on your feedback. Feel free to share what your experience is https://pulpproject.org/help/

.. note::

   These are empirical guidelines to give an idea how to estimate what you need. It hugely
   depends on the scale of the setup (how much content you need, how many repositories you plan
   to have), frequency (how often you run various tasks) and the workflows (which tasks you
   perform, which plugin you use) of each specific user.

> Pulp behaviour

Reviewer: Not sure if that is well suited here...

Author: I find it so ill-suited in all locations. 
I was copying and pasting it into different places! 
Any ideas? Should I just delete? I find it so strange and saying something but also nothing.

Reviewer: I agree.

* Pulp de-duplicates content.
That's a general feature. It's important, because you don't waste too much diskspace.
* There are different policies for downloading content. It is possible not to store any content
   at all.
That is also a feature, but maybe download policies are already described better elsewhere. Maybe that comment serves as a note in the diskspace section.
* If plugin needs to generate metadata for a repository, it will be in the artifact storage,
   even if the download policy is configured not to save any content.
Really don't know what to do with this one. "Even if you don't intend to save anything, you need a (working) storage. Maybe the same type of note again.
* Pulp verifies downloaded artifact checksums locally and artifacts are downloaded/verified in
   parallel, so some local storage is needed, even if the download policy is configured not to save
   any content and an external storage, like S3, is used.
And again: You opt for saving elsewhere? You still need _some_ amount of local storage... again such a note, maybe with less detail of why? (you cannot do anything about it anyway.)

   remote source and only with the ``streamed`` policy, some storage needs to be allocated for
   metadata. It depends on the plugin, the size of a repository and the number of different
   publications. 5GB should be enough for medium-large installation.

 * If content is downloaded ``on_demand``, aka only packages that clients request from Pulp. A
   good estimation would be 30% of the whole repository size, including futher updates to the
   content. That the most common usage pattern. If clients use all the packages from a repository,
   it would use 100% of the repository size.

 * If all content needs to be downloaded, the size of all repositories together is needed.
   Since Pulp de-duplicates content, this calculation assumes that all repositories have unique
   content.

 * Any additional content, one plans to upload to or import into Pulp, needs to be counted as well.

 * DB size needs to be taken into account as well.

E.g. For syncing remote repositories with ``on_demand`` policy and using local storage, one
would need 50GB + 30% of size of all the repository content + the DB.

.. _filesystem-layout:

> Filesystem Layout

Reviewer: Also not sure if this belongs here. Maybe with a comment like "To better estimate diskspace, this table explains where stuff goes."

Author: I agree. This section says nothing about what it is useful for. I will add that line. Thanks!

Hardware requirements
=====================

> Pulp de-duplicates content, and makes as efficient use of storage space as possible. Even if you

Author: @mdellweg this is my attempt at summarizing the "Pulp behaviour" section. 
I've removed that as following your comments, it didn't make sense to keep it.

> configure Pulp not to store content, you still require some local storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure Pulp not to store content, it will still require some local storage.
```
